China
1.	Crude Oil Productions are reducing (5 year low at ~3.8m KBD) and are 28th month consecutive low
2.	Refinery Demand is rising across the barrel except for Fuel Oil (i.e. > 5 year maxmin)
a)	Gasoline might be affected due to growing popularity of electric hybrid, and even small electric vehicle on the rise.
b)	Small electric vehicles 
3.	Limited Crude Oil Production and increasing refined demand results in the need for higher amount of imports and increased refinery runs
a)	Gas Oil has the largest yield, then Gasoline, followed by Naphtha
b)	Gas Oil largely affected by industrial and manufacturing sectors + IMO Maritime Fuel Standard 2020 + Fishing + Piracy
4.	Capacities 
a)	Increasing with Hengli, CNPC, Rongsheng
5.	Trade tensions with US does affect both oil and gas imports, but China can still import from others such as Saudis or Russia (Pipeline from Shandong).
a)	This meant that WTI Crude prices might be affected and reduced since demand by China is weakened
b)	Find out more on Tariffs!
c)	Teapots depend on import quotas
6.	Opportunities
a)	Air pollution cutting through coal-to-gas switching policy
b)	Blue Sky Policy
i.	Affects petrochemicals operations where they must limit their air pollution by 70% in cities
c)	Greater privatization and reduction in spare capacity, and shifts to gas and renewable energy
d)	Rising Fuel Efficiency, Increasing Competition from Alternative Energy Sources
7.	Companies
a)	CNPC, Sinopec, CNOOC, Teapots (Mostly in Shandong)

International Maritime Organization 2020
1.	Reduce the sulphur to a cap of 0.5%, down from 3.5%
2.	Ships can install exhaust gas cleaning system on their ships (Scrubbers)
a)	Will enable eradication of almost all harmful emissions from ships 
b)	Hefty investments from 5m – 10m 
3.	Owners can buy compliant fuels at higher costs
4.	Ships can run on clean gas LNG as fuel

 
Tariff List
1.	Rationale: Due to theft of US Technology and undercutting of American producers
2.	Phase 1: USA hits China
a)	Started in July – August
b)	Initially was $34 billion in July, then added $16 billion in August
c)	Targeted $50 billion worth of exports, mostly on Made in China 2020 products
d)	Aircraft parts, Computer Hard Drives, Machineries, Appliances, Optical and Surgical Equipment, Autos
3.	Phase 2: China hits USA
a)	Hits back with a tariff on $50 billion of goods
b)	This was on Agricultural goods
4.	Phase 3: USA hits back at China
a)	Effective September 24
b)	Announced 10% tariffs on $200 billion in Chinese imports (half of US imports), and expected to increase to 25%
c)	Added in Agriculture, Handbags, Textiles
5.	Potential Phase 4: China hits back at US
a)	Aims to add in industrial goods
b)	Does not include crude oil since China relies heavily on it
6.	Potential Phase 5: US hits back if China does so 
a)	Will increase by $267 billion, effectively makes it 100% of Chinese imports

Long USD/CNY is short term (1-3 months)
1.	US has strong fundamentals, Q2 GDP growth is 4.7%, CPI is moderate around 2.7%, Core CPI was 2.1%, and unemployment rate is 3.7% (multiyear low) 
2.	China’s growth is slowing  Expected to reduce interest rates to stimulate infrastructure growth 
a)	Potentially hot money outflow and causing depreciation
b)	Also increasing tensions with the trade war might lead to China weaponizing its Yuan by depreciating its currency to mitigate the effects of tariffs
3.	FED is expected to raise interests rates again December 
 
India
1.	Lower fuel subsidies (Makes fuel more expensive)
a)	Deregulation of gasoline and diesel prices
2.	Rising consumption (Stronger demand)
3.	Refineries
a)	Large refining sector now and upcoming, 23 of them of 4.95m b/d
b)	Substantial surplus capacity
 

